Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. This project was about getting an inventory on a list of items from a grocery store. Make a list of the items with the frequency of the item with the number. I also made a list of items via histogram by using a special character to accumalte for the amoutn of times item appeared. 
What did you do particularly well? I did the header file well as well as the main.cpp file. I had no errors on them, just clean up after testing those pages with print statements.
Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? I only had one mistake where I declared my variable for my map called " GroceryList" , but I also declared it in the cpp. file as well which was not neccssary. I could have put more inline comments as well.
Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? The most difficult was creating the proper " for loop" to add items to map properly. I googled " How to do a for loop for a map to see how it should be done properly.
What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? The use of the header files and cpp file combined to work with the main cpp file so the main cpp file is not cluttered. The for loops and while loops are so handy to iterate through large files without it looking cluttered.
How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? I made it readable do putting all of functions on the cpp file. Declaration of public and private members on the header file and the main file basically used these file's fuctions to make it simple and easy to read .
